There are quite a few people offended. Why do you want him to die?
Forget it, just for the sake of seeing that you have a pretty good figure.
Let me help you again.
It seems that Mrs. Sun is a good person this time.
If you were a really good person, you wouldn't collect cards and checks.
It's a bit greedy for money, but who says people who are greedy for money can't be good people.
Whether it's good or not is another matter, but it should be usable.
Everyone knows a hundred lots, but I know them.
Who do you think is a ghost?
What a pervert again.
I think you look like a pervert.
Why are you here?
This is my home, my house,
My bed, why can't I be here?
Then you sleep on the bed, where should I sleep?
Oops, I don't care
It’s rare to be able to sleep without pretending to be sick
I want to sleep enough at once
Are you afraid that someone will harm you?
So I keep pretending to be sick and showing weakness.
Make others think you have only a few days to live
I can give you a break, okay?
Then do you know who wants to harm you?
I know
do you want to know
Look at the pile of things in your hand
Don’t you know who it is?
You are quite a traitor
Let me ask you a question
Is your grandfather
The richest man in Lin Jiang
Who is he looking for?
You have so many questions
Otherwise, let me ask you something
Okay, okay, you ask
It seems like we are today
wedding day
How did you meet Xiao Jianshan?
How do you know Xiao Jianshan?
Xiao Jianshan is the culprit behind the bankruptcy of your Shen family, right? No, no, who is that?
Xiao Jianshan is my father’s partner
He coaxed my dad into using me a few months ago
Invest all the company's funds into a project
Later my family went bankrupt
My parents are in jail
I can only be sold to your Jiang family
Become a granddaughter-in-law and resist the war
Xiao Jianshan does these things
The Jiang family is behind this
Xiao Jianshan is a idiot
Otherwise we wouldn't have been interested in him in the first place
My parents didn’t know about it until they were taken away.
The project I invested in a few months ago
They belong to your Jiang family
So from the beginning
You are just a yellow
Don't recognize you as ours
This matter has nothing to do with us, but
I probably already know
Who instigated Xiao Jianshan?
I can't tell you now
Wait until I find out
That time
What do you give in exchange?
what do you want to do